ODATA-1482 (#142)
oasis-tcs/odata-specs: odata-protocol/8 Header Fields.md

## ##subsec Error Response Body

> The representation of an error response body is format-specific.
> An OData-specific error response (which can be recognized by the presence
> of the [`OData-Version`](#HeaderODataVersion) header)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An error response body can be the result of a failure of OData processing or of the underlying protocol.
An OData-specific error response (which can be recognized by the presence
of the [`OData-Version`](#HeaderODataVersion) header) is format-specific and
```

Author: "underlying infrastructure" or "other software layers"? Need not be protocol-related.
